---
layout: post
title: Lab 1 - Digimon Challenge
subtitle: Analyzing Digimon CSV Files
cover-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/thumb.png
share-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
tags: [books, test]
---
Question 1: What is the average speed (Spd) of all Digimon?
Answer 1: The average speed of all the Digimon was 120.4

Question 2: Write a function that can count the number of Digimon with a specific attribute.
Answer 2: Ex: trait_name = Memory, trait_value = 4 --> 19 Digimons with Memory = 4

Question 3a: The Digimon on your team are restricted by the total amount of Memory that they need. If your team only has 15 Memory, name a team of up to 3 Digimon that has at least 300 attack (Atk) in total.
Answer 3a: A team is ['Koromon', 'Tsunomon', 'Tsumemon']

Question 3b(optional): Find the optimal team with the highest atk but a maximum of 15 memory.
Answer 3b: 
Digimon: Koromon, Atk: 109
Digimon: Kuwagamon, Atk: 153
Digimon: Tyrannomon, Atk: 148
Total Atk: 410

Question 4: Write-Up!
After working on the penguins worksheet thoroughly, I was fully prepared to do this assignment using some external resources like the internet or my friends, but all through my own code. The first problem to find the average speed wasn't too difficult because I used a similar approach to finding the average bill lengths for the penguins worksheet. 

The second problem first had me confused because I wasn't sure if I needed to use parameters or not. Although you could do it without parameters, I thought if I had parameters for the atribute category and then the specific type of attribute, so trait_name and trait_value, I'd be able to solve it pretty easily.

The third problem, however, was more difficult for me because I first needed to conceptualize how to go about solving the problem. At first, I thought that the problem was asking me to find the best team with the highest attack with 15 or less memory. So I started to research online for a way to get all possible teams and see what has the highest attack. After looking online for 5-10 minutes, I noticed an itertool combinations function. This function went through the file and found every combination of digimon that my team could be made of and with more code later I was able to get the best possible team.

However, in class, I realized that the question I answered wasn't technically the answer that was wanted by my teacher, Feindgold. They told me that I should try to find a team with >300 atk and <15 memory without using the combinations function. So in class, I strived to find a solution, but hit a couple roadblocks. I asked Yash if he could see my code and give me some advice. He told me instead of setting a max_memory of 15 and min_atk of 300 for three digimon, I should look to get a max_memory of 5 and min_atk of 100 for each digimon.

After doing so, I also had to stop adding to the team after I get 3 digimon. So I added an if statement which did that for me.

Overall, this lab experience was great and taught me to be more independent with my work compared to last year in Intermediate Programming. I had my lows during this but eventually I was able to produce my code and answer the 4 questions.
